This directory should contain bitmaps for all of Basil K. Malyshev's
BaKoMa AMS fonts for the Macintosh.  Most of the files are stuffed and
binhexed.  Just de-binhex and unstuff the font suitcases, place them
in the appropriate place in your system folder along with the
postscript fonts, and you should be all set.  While generating the
bitmaps, I found some minor glitches in a few of the fonts (eufb10,
eurb6, eurb8, eusm6, eusm9, and msam5), so I've generated new versions
of those, too.  You may want to use them instead of the original
postscript files.

These fonts are Copyright (C) 1994, 1995, Basil K. Malyshev. All
Rights Reserved.  Before using them, you should read the original
license, which is in
tex-archive/fonts/postscript/bakoma/BaKoMa-CM.Fonts.

The bitmaps were generated by Stephan Heilmayr.

Here's what you should find in this directory:


euex.bmap.sit.hqx
eufb.bmap.sit.hqx
eufm.bmap.sit.hqx
eurb.bmap.sit.hqx
eurm.bmap.sit.hqx
eusb.bmap.sit.hqx
eusm.bmap.sit.hqx
msam.bmap.sit.hqx
msbm.bmap.sit.hqx     The stuffed binhexed font suitcases


alternate_ps.sit.hqx  Slightly modified versions of six of the
postscript fonts.


Add_Invisible_BaKoMa_AMS
Add_BaKoMa_AMS        Configuration files for use with OzTeX


BaKoMaAMS.enc         The encoding file for use with OzTeX


invisible_AMS.bmap.sit.hqx   Invisible versions of all of the fonts in
the other suitcases (use either these or the fonts in the other nine
suitcases).


ReadMe_BaKoMa_AMS_Mac        This file.



Using these fonts with OzTeX
----------------------------

Put the file BaKoMaAMS.enc into the folder
"OzTeX Folder:PS-Files:Encodings".  Put one of the Configuration files
(Add_BaKoMa_AMS or Add_Invisible_BaKoMa_AMS, depending on whether
you're using the regular or invisible versions of the bitmaps) into
the folder "OzTeX Folder:Configs".  Put all of the BaKoMa AMS
postscript fonts (to be found in the files starting with 'eu' and 'ms'
in the directory tex-archive/fonts/postscript/bakoma/mac/macps) into
the  appropriate place in your system folder (the Fonts folder for
system  7.1 and up, the top level of the system folder for systems
before  7.1), and install the appropriate bitmaps in the usual way
(with  System 7, just drag the suitcases onto the closed System
folder; with System 6, you'll have to use Font/DA Mover).

Regular or invisible?

If you install the regular bitmap suitcases (the ones in the first
nine files listed above) you'll be able to use the fonts in all your
applications.  You'll also have an absurdly long font menu.  If you
use the invisible versions of the fonts (the ones in the file
invisible_AMS.bmap.sit.hqx), you won't have all those fonts cluttering
up your font menus, but you'll only be able to use the fonts in OzTeX.
 You could, of course, combine visible and invisible ones, but you'll
have to modify your config files to get things to work properly.  You
probably don't want to install visible and invisible versions of the
same fonts, though.

Using the fonts.

Once you've installed the postscript fonts, the bitmap fonts, the
encoding file, and one of the config files, you're ready to TeX.  In
OzTeX, just load your chosen configuration file (you may want to add
it to the configs menu -- see the OzTeX manual for instructions -- or
include it in your Default configuration file to make things easier),
and OzTeX will use the postscript fonts instead of pk's to view and
print dvi files.


If you run into any problems, or if you have any comments or
suggestions about these bitmaps, you can reach me at
<heilmayr@math.berkeley.edu> or by mail at:

Stephan Heilmayr
P.O. Box 4762
Berkeley, CA 94704
USA
